puzzles

tutorial puzzle:
extremely simple puzzles 


Each level would be a different company your trying to breach and exfiltrate data

git 
Save game would save:
Money (can be spent, gained from missions), used in store. 
Reputation (Never decrease, gained from missions), used to unlock better missions. 

Dashboard "
Missions: Given to you by the Hooded figure, 1-6?:
Includes a short description and a ssh command, once you type the ssh command your terminal resets and the missions starts with dialogue and a sidebar appearing with objectives and notes. 

Hack (like personal smaller mission to just go hack someone),
Start them in-menu, puts you in terminal with a countdown to start and a timer once countdown ends. 

Store (may include customizations? used to buy fun, non-learning minigames),

Hack Concept missions:
Timed missions to test proficiency with command line tools
dozens of files and folders, cd and ls and cat as fast as you can. Utilize grep. 


Mission 1: 
Learn: cd, cat, ls, grep, 'upload' command is special just to the game, behaves like cp or mv.  
-------
Phase 1: 
I need to see what your made of.
I have a test server I need you to hack so I can evaluate your abilities.
#(Continue) 
I will give you further instructions after you connect. 
"ssh into hooded figures server"
"Find the password/flag/names/emails or whatever" 
Consists of just cd, ls, and cat 
----
Phase 2: 
Alright your not so bad. 
I still cannot trust you with anything important,
this ones going to be slightly more difficult. 
#(Continue) 
I will give you further instructions after you connect. 
"ssh into hooded figures server" 
"Find the password/flag/names/emails or whatever" 
Consist of slightly more amount of folders, not as simple as to figure out where to go. 
---
Phase 3: 
Now this is where I really see how much you know. 
I need you to look through this server and find a file that has a specific keyword
#(Continue)
The keyword is 'Plane_crash'
You are probably going to need to utilize the grep command for this
#(Continue)
Goodluck



